If your brain is broken, you don't pee. Take a photo
What am I?
How dare you brag here
This slap is to clear your mind
you
Lan Lan
Your mom is crazy
He insisted on forcing us to divorce
What did I write about the divorce agreement?
Today is our wedding anniversary
Why would you do that?
Why is that?
My father died early
Small family decline
I married you at the behest of my grandfather
You only got 800,000 dowry
From then on, I have been in Yongcheng City step by step
Fight for tens of billions of family assets
Yesterday I was sponsored by 200 million
Got Shen Wansan's charity dinner request letter
The future is limitless
The so-called tiger and half dog type
You and I are no longer from the same world
Isn't it just with Shen?
Did that old man have a meal?
Just picked you up like this
shut up
Shen Wansan is the richest man in Yuncheng
You trash who knows how to fish all day
How dare you call him an old man and auntie?
Forget it, he idles around all day
Naturally I don't know Shen
What is the status of Wan San in our Yuncheng?
Even less likely to know what a charity dinner means
We don't need to say anything to him
I'll take 80 million as compensation
100 times your bride price
This marriage
I'm leaving
Looks like you've made up your mind, right?
You and I have been in a relationship for three years since then
grievances
Well, you can take this money and have a lifetime of worry-free
I don't owe you anything when I'm tall
You return my mother's jade pendant to me
That was left by our Xu family to our daughter-in-law
give
I forgot to mention that.
I had prepared a wedding anniversary gift
Examine the group's 100 billion contracts
Since you are all blind
Then forget it.
100 billion contract